Our header is coming along nicely.
So now all we need to do is replace that little kind of not so great expression right there with a variety
of different elements.
Each of these lies is going to try to display a different link.
So in total, we're going to eventually have kind of three lies right there.
One will be to sign out and then one for sign in and one for sign up.
And we can definitely write out these lies right here and try to figure out how to kind of continually
toggle the visibility of each of them based on current user.
But rather than writing that all out right here and ending up with a lot of really messy gsx, I want
to show you a little trick that I have for whenever we want to render a collection or kind of a list
of elements and then conditionally show or hide some of them.
So here's my little trick up.
At the very top of this function, I'm going to define a new variable called links.
This is going to be an array.
And in each of these, so each index inside of here, I'm going to define an object that has a label.
The first one I'll give sign up and then an F.
So this is going to be a location that I want to navigate to or sign up.
Are RF would be off slash sign up.
I'm going to do find two more objects very similar to this for sign in and sign out.
So I'll do one for.
Sign in.
And then finally at one four.
Sign out.
So slash, slash, sign out.
We have not put together a sign out page just yet, so this link will probably not work just yet, but
definitely the first you really should.
So now that we've got this array of links, here's the real trick I want to conditionally toggle whether
or not these things are visible.
So to do so, I'm going to put the expression to decide whether to show each of these right before each
of these objects.
Let me show you what I mean.
I only want to show sign up if the current user is equal to null.
Because remember, if the user does not signed in, current user will be equal to null.
So I'm going to say if not current user.
And.
And then the object.
So if current user is equal to null, we're going to take the opposite of that.
That gives us true.
And so this first array entry is going to end up with that object right there.
I'll then do the same thing for the next one.
And then finally, for the last one right here, I only want to show this link or show something related
to sign out if the current user is signed in.
So if the current user is truthful, so say current user and and then put that object.
Now, the result of this is going to be either.
False.
And that object right there.
That would be the case in which I am signed in.
And then the only other scenario that we could have would be these first two objects for the first indices
and then false as the last one.
So it would look something like that right there.
So now we've got that array put together.
We're going to map over it or we're going to first filter.
So for each of these indices, we're only going to keep these indices that are not falsely.
So I'm going to say.
Link config and I'll just return link config that's going to figure out or filter out any entries in
there that are false.
And then for all the remaining entries, I'm going to map over each one.
So for this mapping function, the argument to it is going to be these objects.
So I'll structure out, label and ref, and then inside of here I will build up in return my lie.
I'm going to assign a key for the key property.
I'll use the ref of each link and then for right now, rather than worrying about getting any actual
links inside of here or something like that, let's just print out the label so that you can see how
this links thing actually works.
So inside of here, I'm going to put in link or not link, but label.
And then finally, I'm going to show links inside the UL down here.
So there's the UL.
I'll show links right there.
Okay.
Let's save this.
Flip back over and see how we're doing.
So in refresh and I'll see that I've got sign up and sign in visible when I am not signed in.
If I attempt to go to all sign up and sign up for new account.
Now that will change to just be sign out.
So again, just a little trick to conditionally show content based upon a kind of single filtering criteria
of sorts.
All right.
Let's continue working on this thing.
So we're going to put a little bit more detail into this lie.
On the lie itself, I'm going to put in a class name of nav item.
I'm going to give myself a little bit of space inside.
I want to have an actual link inside of here.
So remember how we create links with next DJs.
We have to use that link thing and then anchor element inside.
So around the label I'm going to place a link with an H ref of a ref.
And then around the label itself, I will place an anchor tag with the class name of NAV Link.
Annika is off the anchor tag.
Okay.
Let's save this.
Look back over.
All right, so there's our link.
When I hover over it, you can see the correct link at the bottom left of your browser.
And if I manually sign out once again by clearing my cookie and refresh, I'll now see sign up and sign
in so I can click to go to sign up.
I can click to go to sign in.
All right.
As that's working pretty well.
Okay.
Well, our header is looking good with the exception of.
We can't really sign out just yet.
I can sign up.
But now I should be able to click on, sign out and have that actually do something.
Right now I just get a 404.
So we're almost there.
But just a little bit more quick pause right here and continue in just a moment.